Projects that rely on BOSL exceptions should say that they do (#577)
zcash/librustzcash: README.md

at your option.

> Downstream code forks should note that some (but not all) of these crates
> and components depend on the 'orchard' crate, which is licensed under the

Author: ```suggestion
Although all of the code in this workspace is licensed under "permissive" open
source licenses as described above, some (but not all) of these crates and
components also depend on the 'orchard' crate, which is licensed under the copyleft
```
